# Hello-World

Much information and news can be found in our days in all unimaginable places, but it has not always been so. It would be crazy to think that one day you would read the news of the day on your watch, an electronic projector on a glass door, or a high tech screen of your glasses. When I started it was not like that, the news had to be searched and dug deep, sometimes I had to go away, by car, ship or plane. And not many years have I experienced this "odyssey" in the quest for the good news, I started writing an essay in the school news newspaper when I was in seventh grade, but then, not long ago, in 1987, I was already responsible for the content to be presented in a religious program that I did with my father on an AM radio in a Brazilian city in the interior of the State of São Paulo, in Mogi das Cruzes.

Working hard for me has never been a problem, but dealing with different languages it was really been a painful but rewarding task. After all, at first, we understand almost nothing, then when we understand it seems to make no sense, transliterate complicated even more, the way has always been to try to understand the context added to the sign language to understand the general meaning and from there formulate the question as well as capture the information needed for the news.

Since when I began to write my first stories, the emotion of the news that is ready and revealed brings me the sense of accomplishment. I wrote for Portuguese-language newspapers in Japan, it was an unforgettable experience, to understand how a Western culture from South America, open to the world, within a traditionally closed culture of the East, and the stark differences in behavior, we had to face the different ways of interpreting that action within these almost antagonistic cultures.

After having been a manager of 2 newspapers, editor in chief of them and still being editor and writing for 2 Brazilian magazines in Japan, one of them the Nikkey Magazine of the city of Toyota, I got even more involved in this cultural miscegenation when teaching Portuguese language in a school for Brazilians in Japan, bringing an inherited language to children who listen and travel in the 2 cultures and languages it is very interesting, I took great lessons and experiences that helped me to be Coach for teachers of Portuguese language, especially those specializing in heritage language.

Now, coming to the United States of America, having passed through Japan and Chile, brought the great benefit of adding a little more information in my cultural baggage so that I could enter into different visions of work, whether as a journalist or Professor of Language, Life or Business Coach, or even as a Theologian, my vision is to unveil information hidden behind masks of feelings, religiosity or simply market interests, with this I come to develop my practice and continue to inform myself to form, be my opinion itself or a necessary information to be disseminated.

Thanks. Dr. Joe Higashi - PhD, ThD, ThM, Master Coach, and Journalist.
